So, now that we have the initial data from
our application which is coming from our fake little API here,
the next thing we want to do is when we actually delete an item,
we don't just want to update our Redux store,
but we also obviously want to update the database as well.
So, what we'll do is let's head over to our todos component up here.
And now, as I just mentioned,
when the removeItem method is invoked,
instead of just updating our store,
we also need to update our API.
So, one way to approach this is we can call API.deleteTodo passing it the todo's ID.
And then that's going to return us a promise that when it resolves,
you can call this.props.store.dispatch,
removeTodoAction just like we did before.
So now, instead of just calling dispatch,
we delete the item from the database,
and then we call dispatch once we get the confirmation that the item has been deleted.
And now, if we look at this,
so we get our initial data here,
and I can come and delete an item.
You'll notice here what's happening,
is notice that there's a slight delay between the time that I click on
delete and when it's actually removed from our UI.
So, I click delete and then it's removed.
That works relatively fine,
but it would be nice if the user got instant feedback when they removed an item.
So, what we're going to use is a little technique called optimistic updates.
Basically, what we want to do is we don't want to wait until
we get a confirmation that the item was deleted
from the database before we call dispatch.
We want to do that immediately.
So what we do, is we first call dispatch before we even make the API request,
but then, if there is an error,
this.catch function is going to run,
we then want to call this.props.stored.dispatch, addTodoAction, todo.
So, basically, we remove the item.
If there is an issue,
we add the item back,
and then we can also come in here and just alert 'An error occurred.
Try again.' So now, what this is going to look like.
Let's see if we can get one of these delay items to fill.
So walk the dog, that's succeeded.
Wash the car, that's succeeded. Go to the gym.
So, it looks like we had an error on Go to the gym,
so we get this little pop up.
And now when I click okay,
you'll notice that we now get that item added back to our todo list.
So we get the best of both worlds here because we're still updating our database,
but the user is getting instant feedback whenever they click on delete.
So, let's do the exact same thing for our goals component.
So, inside our remove item here,
we want to remove the item from the Redux store.
And then what we can do is we can call deleteGoal on our API, passing it goal.ID.
And if there is an error,
we want to call this.props.store.dispatch,
addGoalAction, passing in the goal,
and then we will alert 'An error occurred.
Try again.' So, now,
whenever we remove an item either from our todo list or our goals,
not only does the user get instant feedback about that,
but we're also updating our fake database with that information.